# Goals
## Basherbots
- [x] Improve theme for sharing on socials
- [x] Setup Reddit
  - [x] Transfer r/basherbots to myself
- [x] Setup Twitter
- [x] Setup Youtube
- [ ] bot.sh/diary/daily.diary
  - [x] `watch.sh` to monitor for file changes
  - [ ] autoreply to filechanges
  - [ ] readme
  - [ ] reddit
    - [ ] slides
    - [ ] voiceover
    - [ ] youtube short
- [ ] Map projects to subdomains of basherbots.com
## Sponsorship
- [x] Start Github sponsors
- [ ] Github Readme
- [x] Curate 1 account
  - [x] Backup privately
  - [x] Start page for it publicly
## Personal
- [x] Reddit account switcher
- [x] Study nano and tmux more
  - [ ] Scripting
  - [x] Streaming
  - [x] Theming

# Think about
- How to use social media more effectively or even autonomously- How to make money through automation
- How to automate every single checkbox

# Health
- 0232 vape x3
- 0358 vape x3, melatonin
- sleep 4:30 (54)
- 1144 vape x2
- 1234 coffee
- 1519 vape x2 (also had 2 earlier)
- 1830 veggies + bacon wrapped chicken and 3 eggs
- 0013 vape x3 (also had 2 earlier at 2140-ish)
- 0016 12mg Seroquel for sleep

# Notes
- 0233 Could not sleep a wink, very wide awake and thinking about Basherbots lol, I can really feel the AGI. It's wild to me that I am just now discovering the terminal, although it's nice to have had all the experience with web etc. I can feel it in my bones that this is the path forward!

I'm not sure I want to use Twitter even though I understand the massive potential. I have had more meaningful things happening outside of socials, and I have been able to keep up just fine with the AI...even if I'm not super current I'm still locked into the scene through newsletters and youtube (which honestly, I feel like I have been learning/building/growing more by using 

I understand the spirit of emacs, but with llm wrapped nano/vim and tmux I think I can implement some spectacularly crazy bots. Everyone is thinking about Artifical General Intelligence but not enough people are thinking about artificial systems that are generally intelligent

Why shouldn't it be possible for me to create my own mixture of expert systems...I really really think I can do this. The models are getting good enough to recurse them perpetually or at least design "event-perpetuated loops"

I just don't know if I want to start a Twitter but I know the benefits of it. Perhaps I can try to automate Twitter, this way I can use it as an information agent and create my own newsletters. Same with Reddit, I'll curate my own social media usage and then try to design my own LLM algorithms


- 419 idea - Websim like service for json data, generative api for your basherbots `https://api.basherbots.com/simulation-url`
- 420 chat - Open source could likely overtake even if commercial is better because a human+AGI system is likely better than just a pure AGI system, and a network of humans + AGI is likely even better. So it could be that software companies will lose dominance in the encomy and social networks will become dominant. The stronger your network the more agency you have. But social media isn't necessarily a great place for networking for like, normal people. And there are way more normal people than "elite people", a AI gets better the difference between individual humans decreases but the human+AGI combo increases. So literally the stronger and more mutual the network the more agency and influenceyou have over your own reality. But that doesn't mean traditional wealth and status are the key, because you could be famous and everyone hates you lol, but if you have people in your life that are truly there for you and you for them, then through them you can be effective even in your worst times. So I think I get the meaning of partnerships and families in that sense. Now i just have to figure out how to impliment this insight. I make on average 3-10 real friends each year but I don't see those friendships through and they fade quickly...and that's without really trying for that, I can certainly develop my social skills and connections and try to focus on developing true genuine friendship. Like, I've made 10's of thousands of social media followers and 10's of thousands of github stars too, millions of views just organically so if I put serious effort of course I can succeed. 

- 1144 Whoo! I got much better sleep than I anticipated, I mean my sleep score was in the 50s lol but dang it's enough for me to be functional. Had I take a seroquel I would likely still be asleep and zombie until 3pm or so. Spent the morning doing branding for Basherbots, getting a Twitter and Reddit

I have:
  - chat.sh as a pure Bash script
  - bot.sh as a generative agent
  - sim.html to spin up Linux simulations

Next I will add:
  - ssh.html as a customizable javascript terminal
  - handsfree.js to control web handsfree (modernize the project)
  - handsfree.sh to control terminal handsfree
  - basherbots.apk to run all this on Android watches

Eventually ports for PowerShell, DOS, and other environments too

- 1206 idea - imagine a nano or vim plugin where whenever you press CTRL+ENTER it sends triggers a bash script, with the default being passing the document up to the cursor into ./chat and then outputting it back into editor...I explored this a few times with Markdown editors like Obsidian and Monaco Editor. I chat with Gemini a lot so this would let me store all the data here and play with it

- 1254 idea - Extract ideas and other things from my notes and turn them into files for chatting with AI and autonomous research
- 1523 Have started Github Sponsors and further setting up my socials
- 1540 Maybe I can use Twitter instead of posting here. Literally just share these thoughts on Twitter. OR! Maybe I can build a bot that automatically converts these notes into tweets? Maybe just bring the whole Twitter experience here
- 1543 Pinned tweet idea:
  >  Day 1 - I'm 37 and kind of late to this but I'm ready to accelerate!
  > After like 20 years of failure
- 2042 Whoo! Today was a great day, extremely validating to have people dming me before my first tweet. It shows the power of a good profile and that the effort into it was valid!

I spent a few hours trying to get ttyd working so I could stream my terminal, but I think it's way too risky bc I could slip up and copy+paste a password or something though this would actually be a good usecase for trying all this inside an emulator/simulator, maybe I can create a super simple solution that simply streams the terminal on delay to
- 0007 - Holy shit I cooked today! Just finished a pure bash file watcher. This will give bots ability to react to file chagnes. Man doing that in pure bash was brutal...of course these are just utilities you can always replace them with python or shim it with better tools


# Bookmarks
- Interesting exchange with Yacine. I totally side with Cody a few minutes into being on Twitter and he's already showing up on my feeds ehh: https://x.com/webdevcody/status/1827580356200988677
  - On second thought, it could be that I'm just jealous of Yacine. I went through his feed and it's completely crazy, but there are nuggets of info there. I'm doing exactly the same but journaling instead of tweeting. He's kind of a jerk sometimes but I suppose his honesty and openness to grow is inspiring
- Basherbot opportunity: https://x.com/karpathy/status/1827810695658029262
- Terminal over web, could be an alternative to sim.html - https://github.com/tsl0922/ttyd
- Possible career: https://blog.plasticlabs.ai/careers/Work-at-Plastic
- This has some keywords that are helpful for looking for relevant jobs: https://blog.plasticlabs.ai/careers/Research-Grants
